README.md, before:

# Caterpillar

Given the recent interest in [progressive web
apps](https://infrequently.org/2015/06/progressive-apps-escaping-tabs-without-losing-our-soul/),
this project investigates whether it is feasible to automatically port some
[Chrome apps](https://developer.chrome.com/apps/about_apps) to web sites that
run offline in Chrome and other modern browsers.  This code is extremely
experimental and not intended for real-world use.

## Disclaimer

This is not an official Google product (experimental or otherwise), it is just
code that happens to be owned by Google.

Copyright 2015 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

> <http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0>

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Added requirements file for pip
R=mgiuca@google.com

CL 327107013

README.md, after:

# Caterpillar

Given the recent interest in [progressive web
apps](https://infrequently.org/2015/06/progressive-apps-escaping-tabs-without-losing-our-soul/),
this project investigates whether it is feasible to automatically port some
[Chrome apps](https://developer.chrome.com/apps/about_apps) to web sites that
run offline in Chrome and other modern browsers.  This code is extremely
experimental and not intended for real-world use.

## Installation

Extract the code into a folder. Install dependencies with pip and bower:

    $ pip install -r requirements.txt && bower install bower.json

## Disclaimer

This is not an official Google product (experimental or otherwise), it is just
code that happens to be owned by Google.

Copyright 2015 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

> <http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0>

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
